Helo

In this project I ahve creted in Realistate full stack Website Using Vite/React js , Node js ,express js, Tailwind CSS, React Icons

First - i create React app  using Vite < becuase Vite is a superfast for instailing react app and other freamwork also .

Second - After finished this app , I installed Npm then i run Go to my folder what i created on react ap using VITE . so i run this site 
         "Npm run dev", becuase it is DEV mode so .

Third - After i see my run dev is working fine then we can proced our instailing dependencyes like tailwind.css , React-router-dom then i impilmented 
        react router dom then i Created 2 folder for one is  pages and othere is Components , 

Fourth : after creting this file i add some page file whatever i need to showcase our webpages .

Fifth : After this i created navbar with Header Components files , that i import in my App.jsx files then i will see my nav bar whatever i created 
         for NAV?/HEADER.


Sixth : then after i crated this file i Linked to my git repo and i pushed all my code . 


Seventh : While i pushed that after i Created one more folder called api for Backend Options for Full stack
          Developement. then i created a file name called api filed inside that i just add my backend file index.js.
          after i installed a express in my root foled where ever i created for one folrder for backend and one folder is frontend end 
          inside this root folder i just installed my Npm with dependencyes.

Eighth : and in this backend i created but i have t run this backend file in different port 
         so i just created  some code for that in index.js .   

Nineth: after this while i run its working fine , but while i changed some thing in that index.js for backend that chnages not showing in terminal 
        so this kind of errer i have to create some code in package.json file for run automatical. 
        "scripts": {
                "dev":"nodemon api/index.js",
                "start":"node api/index.js"
            },   this two line code make my code easier to view smartly . 
            


10th :  after creating and setup my backend then i will create DATABASE,

11th :  i just use MONOGODB , i login there and create  a database , then i will connect my database to backend ,
        so i just copy my my database URL then i just create a file name called.env and i install it my rootfolder NPM DOTENV , then after inside 

        env file i just add a code name called MONGO = "" in this quote in addded my URL and i just called this MONGO inside my API folder index.js

        these is the safest way to create my database url using my backend no one can see my url an database password name.


 12th : after i created then i just add a code in .gitignore file .env bellow the all code , becuase of .env file will not upload my git . 
        this is the safe for my database  .      

13th : Create user model  

        In backend API folder i just create a folder called models inside this models i just create a files name called user.model.js.
        in this file i Created some model for my Username , email and password using  